welcome my name is Sophia and now I'm
going to talk about Alice in Wonderland
in 1871 troubled by a strange recurring
dream and mourning the loss of her
father 19-year old Alice Kingsleigh
attends a garden party at Lord ask
Scott's estate there she is confronted
with an unwanted marriage proposal by
Lord Ascott son Hamish and the stifling
expectations of the society in which she
lives unsure of how to proceed she
pursues a rabbit wearing a blue
waistcoat and carrying a pocket watch
and accidentally falls into a large
rabbit hole under a tree she enters a
small door by drinking from a bottle
labeled drink me called pish salver and
emerges to a forest in a magical place
called Wonderland where she is greeted
by a white rabbit a dormouse a dodo
talking flowers and identical twins
named Tweedledee and Tweedledum who all
apparently know her
Alice suggests that it is all a dream
while the others argue over whether
Alice's the right Alice who must play
the Red Queen's Jabberwocky on frabjous
day and restore the White Queen who is
the Red Queen's sister to power as
foretold by the caterpillar in his
oraculum a scroll like calendar which
tells Wonderland's history and future
the group is then ambushed by a ravenous
beast called a Bandersnatch in an army
of playing cards called red knights led
by the knave of Hearts the Red Queen's
tall general and lover Alice and the
Tweedles escaped into the woods the
knave steals the caterpillars oraculum
the Dormouse leaves the others behind
with one of the Bandersnatch 'as ice in
her possession
the Tweedles are then captured by the
Red Queen's large Jubjub bird the knave
informs the Red Queen that Alice
threatens her rain which makes her order
him the Red Knights and a bloodhound who
has a wife and children imprisoned to
find Alice immediately meanwhile Alice
enters the tulgey woods where she is
greeted by a grinning vanishing Cheshire
cat who guides her to the Mad Hatter the
March Hare and the Dormouse his Tea
Party
the Hatter explains to Alice that he
joined the resistance because the Red
Queen destroyed his entire village and
killed his family when she first ruled
Wonderland
he later helps Alice to avoid capture by
allowing himself to be seized instead
later Alice is found by the Bloodhound
but Alice insists upon helping the
Hatter at Salle's and Brum castle the
Red Queen notices Alice when she ate
duple kuchen a cake labelled eat me
which makes the consumer grow during a
game of croquet with flamingos and
hedgehogs
but as unaware of her true identity
because Alice pretended to be called um
and therefore welcomes her as a guest
Alice learns that the vorpal sword the
only weapon capable of killing the
Jabberwocky is locked inside the den of
the Bandersnatch the knave attempts to
seduce Alice but she rebuffs him causing
the jealous Red Queen demanding for
Alice to be the head--it Alice obtains
the sword and befriends the Bandersnatch
by returning its eye she then escapes on
the back of the grateful Bandersnatch
and delivers the sword to the White
Queen the White Queen gives Alice a
potion that returns her normal size and
rewards her with a suit of armor when
she battles the Jabberwocky the Cheshire
cat saves the Mad Hatter from the
executioner by disguising himself as him
in exchange for borrowing his beloved
hat
the Hatter calls for rebellion against
the Red Queen which all her subjects the
greeter by starting to shout out down
with bloody big head the rebellion is
quickly put down when the Jubjub bird
begins to kill every a loyal subject but
the resistance manages to free the
bloodhounds family and flees to the
White Queen's castle both armies prepare
for battle on frabjous day
the caterpillar finally gets Alice to
remember that she has been to Wonderland
when she was a little girl and advises
her to fight the Jabberwocky just before
completing his transformation into a
pupa on frabjous day
the Queen's gather their armies on a
chess board like Battlefield and send
Alice and the Jabberwocky to
the battle in single combat encouraged
by the advice of her late father
Alice fights the Jabberwocky among a
demolished spiraling tower surrounding
the battlefield during this fight a
catapult stone kills the Jubjub bird
Alice finally defeats the Jabberwocky by
jumping from the top of the tower onto
its neck and beheads it
frabjous day has finally ended and the
red knights turn against their ruler as
punishment for their crimes the White
Queen banishes her sister and the knave
into exile together the knave attempts
to kill the Red Queen because he grew
sick of her affections yet the Mad
Hatter protects the Red Queen from his
attack after the Hatter performs a
celebration dance called Futterwacken
the White Queen gives Alice a vial of
the jabberwockies purple blood whose
power will bring her whatever she wishes
she decides to rejoin the everyday world
after saying farewell to her friends
back in England
Alice refuses Hamish's proposal and
impresses Lord Ascott with her idea of
establishing oceanic trade routes to
Hong Kong inspiring him to take her as
his apprentice as Alice prepares to set
off on a trading ship a light blue
butterfly with dark vein markings lands
on her shoulder and Alice recognises him
as the caterpillar thank you all for
watching don't forget to subscribe and
hit the bell notification for more of
these videos
[Music]